fix: update the procedures for setting the limits for the numbers of workspaces kept and running (#2411)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/enabling-users-to-run-multiple-workspaces-simultaneously.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
:navtitle: Enabling users to run multiple workspaces simultaneously
:description: Enabling users to run multiple workspaces simultaneously
:keywords: administration guide, number, workspaces

[id="enabling-users-to-run-multiple-workspaces-simultaneously_{context}"]
= Enabling users to run multiple workspaces simultaneously

> By default, a user can run only one workspace at a time. You can enable users to run multiple workspaces simultaneously.

Reviewer: This was discussed today in the sprint retro, and I've realized now that we should add some caveats here about pods, nodes, and storage types.

```
NOTE: If using the `common` storage method, users may experience problems with concurrently running workspaces if pods are distributed across nodes in the cluster. Switching to `per-user` storage, or using the `ephemeral` storage type, can help with this. 
```

cc: @amisevsk @ibuziuk Does that sound reasonable/illogical?

Reviewer 2: Makes sense to me, though I'm not sure we've documented a good way of selecting `ephemeral` or `per-workspace`.

Also, `s/per-user/per-workspace/` -- per-user is an alias for `common`, which is the default.

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
:navtitle: Enabling users to run multiple workspaces simultaneously
:description: Enabling users to run multiple workspaces simultaneously
:keywords: administration guide, number, workspaces

[id="enabling-users-to-run-multiple-workspaces-simultaneously_{context}"]
= Enabling users to run multiple workspaces simultaneously

By default, a user can run only one workspace at a time. You can enable users to run multiple workspaces simultaneously.

> NOTE: If using the default `common` (or `per-user`) storage method, users may experience problems with concurrently running workspaces if pods are distributed across nodes in the cluster. Switching to `per-workspace` storage, or using the `ephemeral` storage type, can help with this. 

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: If using the default `common` (or `per-user`) storage method, users might experience problems with concurrently running workspaces if pods are distributed across nodes in the cluster. Switching to `per-workspace` storage, or using the `ephemeral` storage type, can help with this. 
```

> NOTE: If using the default `common` (or `per-user`) storage method, users might experience problems with concurrently running workspaces if pods are distributed across nodes in the cluster. Switching to `per-workspace` storage, or using the `ephemeral` storage type, can help with this. 

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: If using the default storage method, users might experience problems when concurrently running workspaces if pods are distributed across nodes in a multi-node cluster. Switching from the per-user `common` storage strategy to the `per-workspace` storage strategy or using the `ephemeral` storage type can avoid or solve those problems.
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure but I think "per user" is not actually a supported option, it's just a description of how `common` works. 

So... using "that is" here seems awkward. 

How about:

```
NOTE: If using the default storage method, users might experience problems with concurrently running workspaces, if pods are distributed across nodes in a multi-node cluster. Switching from the per-user `common` storage strategy to the `per-workspace` storage strategy, or using the `ephemeral` storage type can avoid or solve those problems.
```

Reviewer: `If using the default storage method and if pods are distributed across nodes in a multi-node cluster` seems harder to parse than my option, but that could just be my opinion. Perhaps run this past your language reviewer folks?

Author: I updated my suggestion in response. Is the suggestion okay now?
